# cs_250
During the Sprint Review and Retrospective project, I learned the ability to interpret a user's needs and translate them into meaningful features by utilizing user stories. Developing user stories helped me to move away from only considering technical requirements towards understanding what a user wants to accomplish and how important that is to them. By developing user stories that describe user intent, value and acceptance criteria, I was able to see the features from a user's perspective which gave me clarity on how each feature should function. This way, I could prioritize work better, clarify requirements, and build what users need versus what I thought they would need.
When approaching program development, I have learned how valuable it is to be iterative and flexible. The Agile processes of Sprint Planning, Backlog Refinement, Daily Scrums, and Retrospective provided a structure for program development but also allowed for flexibility to make changes. I will incorporate these Agile processes into my future development work to get continuous feedback, identify issues sooner and make consistent progress toward building a usable product. The Scrum Agile framework provides support for adapting to changing requirements, which is particularly important when it comes to real world projects as they align more closely with how business goals and user needs change over time.
Being a good software development team member means being accountable for more than just what you were assigned to complete. This course has reinforced the importance of communication, collaboration, and accountability. A good team member works actively to seek clarification, communicates blockers as soon as possible, and helps others to reach the team goal. Working across Scrum Master, Product Owner, Developer, and Tester roles has helped me understand how each role contributes to the overall success of the project. To be effective in working as a team, you must respect the perspective of others, be open to constructive criticism, and be committed to building quality software together.
